#############################################################################

 Formats ActiveRecord data in chunks and dumps it to a file, temporary file, or string. Specify the page_size used to paginate
 records and flush files.

 ==Specify Output
 * <tt>:filename</tt> the name of the file to create. By default will create a file based on the timestamp.
 * <tt>:file_extension</tt> appends file extension unless one exists in file name
 * <tt>:only</tt> a list of the attributes to be included. By default, all column_names are used.
 * <tt>:except</tt> a list of the attributes to be excluded. By default, all column_names are used. This option is not available if +:only+ is used
 * <tt>:methods</tt> a list of the methods to be called on the object
 * <tt>:procs</tt> hash of header name to Proc object

 === Attributes (Only and Exclude)
 Specify which attributes to include and exclude
   Book.dumper :yml, :only => [:author_name, :title]

   Book.dump :csv, :except => [:topic_id]

 === Methods
 Use <tt>:methods</tt> to include methods on the record that are not column attributes
   BigOle.dumper :csv, :methods => [:age, :favorite_food]
   Output..
   ..other attributes.., 25, doughnuts

 === Proc
 To call procs on the object(s) use <tt>:procs</tt> with a hash of name to value
 The dumper options hash are provided to the proc, and contains the current record <tt>options[:record]</tt> is provided

 ==== Proc Options Hash
 <tt>:record</tt> - the active record
 <tt>:result_set</tt> - the current result set
 <tt>:counter</tt> - the number of the record
 <tt>:page_num</tt> - the page number
 <tt>:target</tt> - the file/string target

  topic_content_proc = Proc.new{|options|  options[:record].topic ? options[:record].topic.content : 'NO CONTENT' }
  Book.dumper :procs => {:topic_content => topic_content_proc}})

   <book>
     # ... other attributes and methods ...
     <topic-content>NO CONTENT</my_rating>
   </book>

 == Finder Methods
 * <tt>:find</tt> a map of the finder options passed to find. For example, <tt> {:conditions => ['hairy = ?', 'of course'], :include => :rodents}</tt>
 * <tt>:records</tt> - the records to be dumped instead of using a find

 == Format Header
 * <tt>:header</tt> when a hash is specified, maps the field name to the header name. For example <tt>{:a => 'COL A', :b => 'COL B'}</tt> would print 'COL A', 'COL B'
   when an array is specified uses this instead of the fields
   when true or by default prints the fields
   when false does not include a header
 * <tt>:text_format</tt> a string method such as <tt>:titleize</tt>, <tt>:dasherize</tt>, <tt>:underscore</tt> to format the on all the headers. If an attribute is <tt>:email_address</tt> and <tt>:titleize</tt> is chosen, then the Header value is "Email Address"
 * <tt>:root</tt> In xml, this is the name of the highest level list object. The plural of the class name is the default. For yml, this is the base name of the
   the objects. Each record will be root_id. For example, contact_2348

 == Filename and Target
 <tt>:target_type</tt> The target_type for the data. Defaults to <tt>:file</tt>.
 * <tt>:string</tt> prints to string. Do not use with large data sets
 * <tt>:tmp_file</tt>. Use a temporary file that is destroyed when the process exists
 * <tt>:file</tt>. Use a standard file
 <tt>:filename</tt> basename of the file. Defaults to random time based string for non-temporary files
 <tt>:file_extension</tt> Extension (suffix) like .csv, .xml. Added only if the basename has no suffix.
 <tt>:file_extension</tt> is only available when <tt>:target_type_type => :file</tt>
 <tt>:file_path</tt> path or directory of the file. Defaults to dumper_file_path or temporary directories

 == Format specific options
 * <tt>:csv</tt> - any options to pass to csv parser. Example <tt> :csv => { :col_sep => "\t" }</tt>
 * <tt>:xml</tt> - any options to pass to xml parser. Example <tt> :xml => { :indent => 4 }    </tt>

 === Installation
  script/plugin install git://github.com/blythedunham/ar_dumper.git
 === Developers
  Blythe Dunham http://snowgiraffe.com

 === Homepage
 * Project Site: http://github.com/blythedunham/ar_dumper/tree/master
 * Rdoc: http://snowgiraffe.com/rdocs/ar_dumper
